GIT BASICS:
    Clone -> copia um repo já existente localmente

    Branch -> cria um novo "ramo" que permite alterar o projeto separadamente da versão original

    Commit -> guarda o estado do projeto e regista-o (hash e log)

    Push -> faz upload dos commits para o repo remoto

    Pull -> atualiza (fetch e merge) o repo local em função do repo remoto

PRACTICE QUIZ:

    1. Which Git command is used to create a local copy of an existing repository?
        git clone

    2. What is the purpose of a pull request in GitHub?
        To merge changes from one branch into another while allowing for code reviews

    3. Which of the following best describes a benefit of using GitHub for team collaboration in back-end development?
        It allows teams to manage branches and submmit pull requets, ensuring that code changes are integrated smoothly

GRADED QUIZ:

    1. Why is scalability important in back-end development? 
        Scalability ensures that the system can handle increased loads as the user base grows

    2. Why is resource management important in back-end project planning?
        It ensures efficient allocation and utilization of resources to meet project goals

    3. Why is testing and debugging essential in back-end development?
        To identify and fix errors, ensuring the application's reliability and performance

    4. Why is it important to use development workflows in conjunction with project planning tools?
        To ensure seamless transitions between planning and coding tasks

    5. How does GitHub facilitate team collaboration in back-end development?
        By providing features like pull requets, code reviews, and branch management

    6. How does workflow management contribute to project success in back-end development?
        By improving task coordination and minimizing bottlenecks

    7. How do APIs enhance the functionality of a back-end system?
        By providing standardized ways for different applications to communicate

    8. Which of the following git commands would you use to update your local branch with changes made in the remote branch?
        git pull

    9. Why is data encryption important in back-end development?
        It protects sensitive data from unauthorized access

    10. How does normalization benefit a database in back-end development? 
        It reduces redundancy and improves data integrity