VIDEO QUESTIONS:
Which of the following is the first step when designing an algorithm?
    Understanding the problem and setting a goal

Which of the following best describes the role of pseudocode when developing a C# program?
    Pseudocode is a plain language description of the steps needed to solve a problem, which can later be translated into C# code

PRACTICE QUIZ:
1. What is the first step in designing a simple algorithm to solve a problem?
    Understanding the problem and setting a goal

2. How would you translate a designed algorithm into C# code? Choose all that apply.
    Break down the algorithm into smaller functions and implement them step by step
    Use loops, conditionals, and functions to reflect the algorithm's logical flow in C#

3. What is the correct way to implement a simple algorithm in C# to add three numbers and display the result?
    Declare three variables, calculate their sum, and display the result

GRADED QUIZ:
1. A school groups students into different learning levels based on their scores: beginner (0–50), intermediate (51–80), and advanced (81–100). What kind of logic is used in this algorithm?
    Categorical logic

2. A customer support flowchart starts with the user submitting a ticket. What symbol should represent this starting point?
    Oval

3. A program stores a user’s age, which is always a whole number. What is the most appropriate data type?
    int

4. How would you declare a variable in C# to store the name of a product?
    string productName;

5. In a flowchart for processing returns, actions such as "Process Refund" and "Restock Item" are included. What symbol represents these actions?
    Rectangle

6. Which data type should you use to store a true/false value indicating whether a customer has completed registration?
    bool

7. You are designing a program to calculate the area of a rectangle. Which input variables should be declared?
    length and width

8. A payroll system calculates overtime pay. What inputs are required for the algorithm?
    Hours worked and hourly wage

9. You need to declare a variable to store a product name. What is the best way to declare it in C#?
    string productName = "Laptop";

10. A developer needs an algorithm to display the largest of three numbers entered by the user. Which step is required in the algorithm?
    Compare the numbers pairwise and assign the lergest to a variable
